2D Computer Graphics
2016.0

Third assignment: Drawing with transparency, linear gradients,
and radial gradients
-----------------------------------

Now that you can render all shape primitives, it is time to
enrich the paints to support semitransparent colors and
spatially varying colors.  RVG only supports SVG gradients
at the moment. No need to worry about PDF/PostScript
gradients. However, make sure you read the SVG documentation
on gradient paints. Do not trust the formulas on my class
notes.

1) Start getting transparency to work

    transparency.rvg

You can now render

    dancer.rvg

as well.

Now get the maps from R^2 to R working for both linear and
radial gradients. One way to separate the gradient mapping
from the ramp sampling is to implement an "identity" ramp
that simply returns its argument in grayscale.  Make sure
you implement all different spread methods.

    lineargradient.rvg
    ramp1.rvg
    ramp2.rvg
    ramp3.rvg
    ramp4.rvg
    radialgradient.rvg
    ramp5.rvg
    ramp6.rvg

Observe that all paints (including solids) have their own
globa opacity value that has to be combined with the A
component of the sRGBA value

    transparentlineargradient.rvg
    transparentradialgradient.rvg

Finally, make sure the transformed gradients also work

    xformedlineargradient.rvg
    xformedradialgradient.rvg

You can now render the prettiest images in the sample set

    drops.rvg
    embrace.rvg
    eyes.rvg
    penguin.rvg

In the following assignments, we will work on acceleration
and then on quality.

2) Handing in your assignment

Create a directory with "<first-name>-<last-name>" where
<first-name> is your first name, and <last-name> is your
last name. Place your file "render.lua" as well as all your
new RVG test files inside this directory. Create a zip
archive "<first-name>-<last-name>.zip" with the contents.
Send the file to me (please carbon-copy your TA, Juan
Carlos) as an attachment to an e-mail with the subject
"[2dcg] Assignment 3".

Good luck!
